Add info about settings_id in worker-proxy docs (#788)
rspamd/rspamd.com: doc/workers/rspamd_proxy.md

}
~~~

### User settings

> Proxy worker can utilize `settings_id` configured in upsteam. Upsteam need to have [user settings]({{ site.baseurl }}/doc/configuration/settings.html) module configured with name used in proxy-worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proxy worker can apply a specific setting using the `settings_id` configured in an upstream through the [user settings module]({{ site.baseurl }}/doc/configuration/settings.html). Ensure that the user settings module includes a setting with the same name as defined in `settings_id`.
```
